With the rise in craft brewing has come an increase in waste produced during the brewing process; roughly a pound of spent grain is left behind for every six pack of brewed beer. ReGrained is a mission-driven food-tech company that is transforming brewing waste and byproducts into edible, tasty ingredients and products. In partnership with the USDA, it has developed patent-pending technology to rescue, process, and stabilize wet food manufacturing byproducts. The company plans to expand beyond its first product line of snack bars and incorporate this SuperGrain+ product into pretzels, breads, cookies, cereals, chips, and more. ReGrained is also currently pursuing co-branded ingredient/product development with several consumer packaged goods (CPG) brands and manufacturers, allowing them to incorporate SuperGrain+ into other products.
Using generative design, virtual reality, 3D printing, and a cloud-based supply chain, Hackrod is challenging the traditional approach to automobile manufacturing. The company is developing a methodology that will enable the rapid prototyping of bespoke vehicle solutions and will place the consumer as co-creator in the automotive space. Beginning with the film “Autonomo,” where Hackrod aims to showcase its vehicles and then offer the designs as templates to customers, Hackrod’s design and manufacturing engine will feature engineering analysis and performance simulation and well as supply chain management, ordering, and hardware integration. Hackrod currently has a partnership with AutoDesk to create virtual car prototypes using the Autodesk VRED 3D visualization and virtual prototyping software.
Modern prosthetic devices are expensive – even when they don’t incorporate advanced movement control, custom fittings, or state-of-the-art technology. By combining 3D scanning, 3D printing, and machine learning, Unlimited Tomorrow is putting next-generation artificial limbs affordably within the grasp of the millions who need them. The company will provide amputees with low-cost 3D scanners and computers for digital mapping and the prosthetic is printed utilizing a network of 3D printers located around the world, allowing Unlimited Tomorrow to produce some of the most advanced artificial limbs even in remote and underprivileged communities. On June 12, 2017, with the help of Microsoft, Unlimited Tomorrow placed its first prosthetic device on a 10-year-old girl named Momo.
Sports fans, concert attendees, and other eventgoers want to enjoy their experience – not wait in long lines for concessions. In fact, a study has shown that 45% of sports fans have abandoned concession lines at least once in the last year because of long lines. Solving this problem is FanFood, a mobile platform that allows eventgoers to order food and beverages in advance, allowing them to skip the lines upon pickup or even have their purchases delivered right to their seats. Since May 2017, over 13,000 fans have downloaded the FanFood app. During the 2017 Formula 1 (F1) Grand Prix event at the Circuit of the Americas in Austin, Texas, FanFood generated over $40,000 in revenue in three days.
Onward combines data science and artificial intelligence (AI) to help smartphone users overcome their addictions and curb screen usage. Its specialized programs aim to change unhealthy behaviors related to screen time, social media, shopping, gambling, video, dating apps, and porn. Through “O,” a chatbot that non-judgmentally interacts with each user through a familiar text/chat interface, Onward encourages users to complete daily check ins, gain new coping skills, block potentially triggering apps or sites, and gain help or interventions using cognitive behavior therapy, as needed. The company is backed with $3.2 million in financing from investors including Founders Fund, Compound Ventures, and Gaingels. As of October 2017, Onward had nearly 10,000 monthly active users.
The Fan Controlled Football League (FCFL) is the first professional sports league truly designed for the digital blockchain age – putting fans in control of their sports entertainment experience.
Launched in 2015, Material Vodka is a philanthro-capitalist initiative for alternative and radical art. Material Vodka uses the sale of its vodka – named among the 10 best vodkas in America by Food Republic in 2016 – as a force for change in the art world. Material Vodka sets aside 10% of all profits to go towards a cash prize, awarded each year to a progressive creator by an independent board of artists and curators. The company has also sponsored, hosted, or participated in over 100 events in Los Angeles and New York City, including film premieres, museum openings, film festivals, fashion presentations, benefit events, and more. Currently, Material Vodka has more than 60 accounts in NYC and LA, including the Standard Hotels and Mission Chinese Food.
The involuntary release of sensitive, private images has become increasingly common, and not just for celebrities or well-recognized individuals. Working to protect those images is the Nude app, a serverless and cloudless photo vault app that uses artificial intelligence-based technology to scan a user’s smartphone camera rolls and hide naked photos from intrusive eyes. The app also features alerts, tracking all break-in attempts and taking photos of any of intruders trying to log into the app. Nude has seen over 30,000 downloads, and has roughly 18,000 registered users.
Electronic health records have changed the ease with which individuals can gain medical attention. No longer do records need to be physically sent from primary care physicians to specialists – records can quickly be distributed digitally and securely. With Pawprint, a 500 Startups Batch 19 graduate, the same can now be done for your pets. Pet owners can now streamline communication between veterinarians, pet groomers, kennels, and others who need vaccination records or additional health information. Pawprint goes directly to veterinarians and retrieves the records with the pet owner’s consent. The app is ranked first among pet health apps in the iTunes App Store, and currently stores over 581,000 pet records sourced from over 5,000 veterinarian practices across the U.S.
Produced by Tropical Sunshine Products, Palm & Bean blends coffee with coconuts for natural sweetness and balanced taste. The company currently offers two flavors, Kona Mocha and Tahitian Vanilla, both of which are cold brewed and 100% vegan. After debuting in March 2017 at the Natural Product Expo West trade show, Palm & Bean has targeted independent grocers, small-chain natural retailers, and boutique retailers in Southern California. Its drinks can be purchased in premium grocery stores such as Sprouts Farmers Market and Bristol Farms and through Thrive Market, an online retailer of natural and organic goods.The company was also recently accepted into all Albertsons' Southern California locations, including Pavilions, for a total of more than 320 additional retail locations.
Founded in 2009 and family-owned and -operated, Napa Valley Distillery (NVD) produces over a dozen small-batch and limited-release spirits – including the award-winning Meyer Lemon Liqueur and Napa Vodka – plus barrel-aged craft cocktails. The company’s 12,000-square-foot production facility houses a tasting salon and event center, and a second vintage bar shop and tasting room is located inside the Oxbow Public Market. NVD also operates a Distinguished Bar Club, shipping members spirits, bitters, syrups, mixers, and barware every quarter as well as providing access to discounts and invitations to exclusive events. The company plans to build out a full kitchen and operate a small restaurant in its main location, allowing NVD to serve cocktails, beer, and wine any time of day and enable a new cocktail and food pairing service.
Inspired by the boom in craft distilling, the Bouck brothers ─ Nick and Zak ─ decided to innovate the world of whiskies. With five-star reviews across multiple platforms, Bouck Brothers Distilling currently offers five spirits: Idaho Springs Whiskey, Bourbon Whisky, Miner’s Moonshine, the award-winning Colorado Coffee Whiskey, and Pink Bear Gin (colored due to the hibiscus flowers infused within the spirit). The company partners with local Colorado farms (such as Root Shoot Malting) and local coffee roasters (such as Corvus Coffee Roasters) for its ingredients. Since opening to the public in June 2016, over 1,140 bottles have been sold via retail and wholesale distribution, and its whiskies are already stocked in every liquor store and in multiple bars and restaurants in Idaho Springs, Colorado.
The food truck industry has seen explosive growth since 2008, as food trucks appeal not only to young consumers with disposable income but also to entrepreneurs desiring lower startup costs. Best Food Trucks (BFT) is addressing this growth by introducing an all-in-one platform that helps food truck owners manage lot booking and customer acquisition – and helps hungry diners locate their favorite trucks, order in advance, and skip the long lines upon pick-up time. BFT’s Co-founders have experienced success individually: The CEO led his previous company to a $20 million acquisition, and the CMO is the Founding President of the National Food Truck Association. BFT acquired LotMom, Inc., in July 2017 and launched a new order-ahead feature in Los Angeles in August 2017, with plans to expand the feature nationwide by Q4 2017.
Following its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in 2003, “The Hebrew Hammer” went on to be featured at a number of international festivals, distributed theatrically (December 2003) by Strand Releasing in conjunction with Comedy Central and Paramount Home Video, and aired on television for five years after the rights were sold to Comedy Central. Named to several classic movie and holiday movie lists, “The Hebrew Hammer” has become a cult classic. Filmmaker Jonathan Kesselman ─ the writer and director of the first movie ─ is now bringing the Hammer back to the silver screen with “The Hebrew Hammer vs. Hitler” in a bigger, funnier sequel involving time travel and that expects to feature much of the original cast – including Adam Goldberg and Judy Greer. Hammering Hebrew LLC is raising funds to produce the movie and expects to begin filming in the second half of 2018.
As more children and teens turn to the internet for entertainment, pop culture studios have become increasingly important in the creation of intelligent, high-quality content. From the producer of the “Adventures of Bunny Bravo” and the Executive Producer of over 30 specials, documentaries, reality shows, and scripted series comes SuperdopeTV, a brand new multi-channel network that will produce live-action comedy sketches, animated series, celebrity- and brand-sponsored content, and music geared towards Generation Z. The team is already creating a network of writers and actors and is incorporating stars from popular social media platforms as well as trusted names from traditional media like “Saturday Night Live,” “MADtv,” Disney, and Nickelodeon.
With AstroPrint’s suite of software products, everyday creatives can now simply and easily print 3D products. Following its 2014 graduation from the 500 Startups accelerator program, AstroPrint has successfully completed two Kickstarter campaigns, was named Editor’s Choice at Maker Faire in 2015, and released the plug-and-play AstroBox Touch for pre-order. In Q2 2017, AstroPrint had approximately 25,500 total users on its platform, representing a 634% increase from total users in Q1 2015. AstroPrint had also generated over $87,000 in year-to-date revenue as of June 2017, representing a 96% increase over the same period in 2016.
Living abroad can be an exciting new adventure…and a challenge. Beyond dealing with the language barrier and culture shock, expats often face different government regulations, complicated job and housing markets, and depression or anxiety. Nevertheless, 3.3% of the world's population lived outside their country of origin in 2015. Thus, guidance is needed to help these individuals acclimate to their new lifestyle – and keep up with news from home. Founded in 2009 by a French expat, French Morning provides a link to French politics, current events, and culture for the French-speaking community living in the U.S., plus local guides to six regions in the U.S. The media company offers three separate websites, targeting both French expats and Francophiles (individuals who appreciate and want to keep up with French news) residing within the U.S. and Canada. French Morning has seen steady growth from 2013 to 2017, reaching approximately 270,000 unique visitors in April and May of 2017. The site currently has close to 60,000 subscribers.
Combining social engagement with a powerful analytics layer, Arbit gives athletes, celebrities, and brands instantaneous answers to any question they may have via side-by-side picture polling. Users can craft polls that allow other users to vote for one of two images, providing valuable on-demand insight into trends and the preferences of followers. Since launching its public beta, the company gained over 100,000 downloads in the span of seven months. Arbit has also gained the backing of four current or former NBA players – Steve Blake, Anthony Tolliver, Caron Butler, and Ty Lawson – in addition to a $100,000 investment from TEDCO and an invitation to join the 2017 Accelerate Baltimore™ program.
The characters Larry, Moe and Curly are well known for their zany slapstick comedy. Since the 1920s, when they first began their vaudeville act, The Three Stooges have been making millions of fans laugh all over the world. Appearing in over 220 films over fifty years, The Boys popularity has never waned, and continues through today. Building upon the release of the 2012 film "The Three Stooges," Producer Earl M. Benjamin, Director Sean McNamara, and Writer Harris Goldberg have joined forces for the next Three Stooges installment, "The Three Little Stooges." Fun for all ages, "The Three Little Stooges" presents for the first time, little Larry, Moe and Curly as 12-year-old boys in a madcap comedy adventure. Expected to be distributed worldwide in multiple media formats, "The Three Little Stooges" is currently scheduled to begin production in the fall of 2017.
While CDs and digital media have transformed the music industry, vinyl records have made a resurgence in recent years. Sales of vinyl records reached a 25-year high in 2016 as consumers young and old have once again embraced a more physical form of music appreciation. Founded in 2016 by musicians, producers, and engineers, SunPress Vinyl is now one of only 18 record pressing facilities in the U.S. and 30 worldwide, according to Wired. The company started pressing vinyl records commercially in January 2017 and saw cumulative sales surpass $212,000 in August 2017. Through its partnership with Tuff Gong International, the renowned music label founded by Bob Marley, SunPress will reissue several Bob Marley albums as well as third-party releases brokered through Tuff Gong. SunPress’ long-term strategic plan includes the development of a music label specifically for issuing its own vinyl records and initiating vinyl record reissues and special editions.
In 1862, the first two ships to be clad in iron engaged in battle just off the port of Newport News, Virginia. Now, in a historic warehouse within view of the 155-year-old battle site, Ironclad Distillery Co. is the first and only distillery operating in the city and one of only five bourbon distilleries in the state. Family-owned since its inception in 2015, Ironclad makes only small-batch bourbon whiskey under its roof – with a focus on American values, unique regional flavor, and a deep-seated love of bourbon. The company plans to build a tasting room and distillery store in its 30,000-square-foot warehouse, launch a members-only Cocktail Club, and release five new bourbon batches in the next four years.
Even the best songs can be ruined by low-quality audio devices. With today’s plastic speakers, sound quality is often poor, devices aren’t durable, and consumers are forced to constantly upgrade to newer options. Princeton Audio developed a better option. Using the same woods and craftsmanship as can be found in musical instruments, Princeton Audio’s Site:1 speakers are individually tuned to take advantage of the unique acoustic properties of each hardwood and boast sophisticated, upgradeable electronics that deliver audiophile-quality sound. Winner at the 2014 International Design Awards, the company has received over 400 new orders of its Site:1 speaker as of May 2017 and surpassed $136,000 in total income year to date.
Produced by Mychal Simka and his team at Simka Entertainment, Adventures of Bunny Bravo and Un Conejo de Huevos are animated feature films about a loveable misfit rabbit who journeys to save Easter Island. Featuring state-of-the-art computer animation and two star studded casts, Adventures of Bunny Bravo and Un Conejo de Huevos are slightly different versions of the same epic tale made for both English-speaking and Spanish-speaking markets. Mychal Simka’s last English/Spanish pair of films (Huevos: Little Rooster's Eggcellent Adventure & Un Gallo Con Muchos Huevos) made over $9 million at the domestic box office. In the past, Mychal has produced three to four feature-length animated films annually. Proceeds from this offering will go towards the creation of deliverables required to distribute the films in the U.S., UK, Canada, Mexico, and South America, and market the project to cable, pay-per-view, premium video-on-demand, and DVD buyers in those markets.
Darling Media is dedicated to exploring the complexities of "the art of being a woman." Free of shallow or negative messaging, Darling acts as readers’ all-in-one psychologist, best friend, career advisor, personal stylist, and travel agent to redefine female-driven digital, social, and print content. Darling Magazine challenges cultural ideals of beauty and questions its exaggerated importance by using models of all sizes and by becoming the first magazine to not retouch women's bodies or skin in photos. In the last five years, Darling has acquired a large community of unique, intelligent, and influential women who are looking to continue to collaborate with Darling and other like-minded brands. Darling plans to use proceeds to scale its vertical market segments – including Darling Magazine, Darlingmagazine.org, @Darling Social Media, Darling Events, and Darling Studios.
Founded in 2009 and family-owned and -operated, Napa Valley Distillery (NVD) produces over a dozen small-batch and limited-release spirits – including the award-winning Meyer Lemon Liqueur and Napa Vodka – plus barrel-aged craft cocktails. The company’s 12,000-square-foot production facility houses a tasting salon and event center, and a second vintage bar shop and tasting room is located inside the Oxbow Public Market. NVD also operates a Distinguished Bar Club, shipping members spirits, bitters, syrups, mixers, and barware every quarter as well as providing access to discounts and invitations to exclusive events. The company plans to build out a full kitchen and operate a small restaurant in its main location, allowing NVD to serve cocktails, beer, and wine any time of day and enable a new cocktail and food pairing service.
Fast food is convenient, inexpensive, and tasty – but not always healthy. Plant Power Fast Food gives diners the same much-loved burgers, fries, wraps, and shakes they’ve come to expect from fast food restaurants but without animal products, artificial colorings, flavorings, or preservatives. Plant Power Fast Food saw a successful launch of its first location in Ocean Beach, California, in 2016. The natural, healthy, plant-based ingredients attracted over 1,985 guests per week and sales of over $28,000 per week, and the location reached profitability in April 2016. Plant Power Fast Food is seeking investors to participate in the second Plant Power Fast Food location slated to open in Encinitas, California in May 2017. Investors are investing in Plant Power Encinitas, LLC which will have the option to convert into shares of a yet-to-be-formed company, that will become the parent company of Plant Power Encinitas, LLC and Plant Power Ocean Beach, LLC, upon an equity financing for the yet-to-be-formed entity of at least $1,000,000.
Fizzics is a universal beer dispenser that delivers a fresh-from-the-tap experience from any can, bottle, or growler without the need to purchase additional CO2 cartridges or replacement parts. The company’s two products, the Original Fizzics Beer System and the Fizzics Waytap, are compatible with cans and bottles of all sizes and are designed to produce an expertly poured, quality draft beer experience such as that of a high-end craft beer bar.
The Field Guide to Evil is the highly anticipated follow-up movie from the creators of the cult classic ABCs of Death series. The ambitious global anthology will unveil a series of myths, lore, and folktales that have captivated, galvanized, and frightened communities throughout history. Backstopped by Drafthouse Films, the distribution arm of the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema, The Field Guide to Evil will be helmed by eight of today’s most talented genre filmmakers from around the world.
The Grilled Cheese Truck serves innovative, gourmet, and seasonal grilled cheese melts that have appeared on numerous “best of” lists. Big Cheese Inc. (BCI) intends to capitalize on the success of The Grilled Cheese Truck brand by expanding domestically and internationally with the addition of more trucks, brick-and-mortar “micro-stores,” and “pop-ups.”
Texas Zebo manages two restaurant concepts, Halcyon Coffee + Bar + Lounge and Stella Public House. Halcyon combines the comfort and convenience of a coffeehouse by day with a laid back bar and lounge atmosphere at night. Stella Public House is a “farm to pizza” concept serving Napolitano style pizzas turned out of a wood-fired oven. Texas Zebo has secured leases to open new locations in Dallas’s Greenville Avenue neighborhood and Austin’s Mueller Town Center Development and have begun discussions for future Houston openings.
ArtCraft Entertainment seeks to explore new sub-genres in the massively multiplayer online game (MMO) space, created by merging elements from different and disparate gaming genres. Their flagship title, Crowfall, exemplifies this approach, presenting players with an online experience that combines immersive role-playing with the addictive elements of a competitive strategy game.
The Play Impossible Gameball™ is a multi-sport, mobile device-connected ball designed for indoor and outdoor recreational activities. Developed for children 5 to 15 years of age, the Gameball will connect via Bluetooth to an App that features fun and interactive games. The 5-inch inflatable Gameball is made of high-quality microfiber and contains sensors, a microcontroller, Bluetooth radio, and an ultracapacitor.
Republic Restoratives is an urban, small batch distillery and craft cocktail bar in the heart of Washington, D.C. In 2015, the company became the largest crowd-funded distillery in the U.S. through its Indiegogo campaign. The women-owned distillery opened its doors in May 2016 and has already been voted “Best Distillery in D.C.” by a reader’s poll in the Washington Post.
BeatStars is a platform that enables music producers and recording artists to collaborate, share, sell, and distribute any type of musical content (e.g. beats, lyrics, vocals) worldwide. The platform provides the tools to distribute, monetize, and protect content, allowing music producers, recording artists, songwriters, and beatmakers to collaboratively publish songs in the most efficient and affordable way possible.
The digital music industry has created new and innovative ways for artists to engage with their fans. Music distribution is shifting from traditional digital stores (e.g. iTunes) to direct-to-fan platforms like YouTube, SoundCloud, and Facebook. Digital streaming services like Spotify, SoundCloud, and Apple Music have also enabled artists to circumvent traditional music distribution channels and reach large global audiences. Thanks to these digital streaming services, music is being consumed at record levels. In the U.S., the volume of total music streams rose 93%, to 317 billion in 2015 as compared to 2014.i Digital platforms that allows users to upload content (e.g. YouTube) have an estimated user base of more than 900 million. However, these types of platforms, which distribute advertising-supported revenues to recording artists and musicians, generated only $634 million in 2015, and accounted for only 4% of global music revenues.
BeatStars is a social music marketplace and distribution company that is reinventing the music collaboration industry. In addition to distributing finished songs, BeatStars’ platform enables music producers and recording artists to collaborate, share, sell, and distribute, any type of musical content (e.g. beats, lyrics, vocals) worldwide. BeatStars allows music creators of all levels to represent their content independently and generate multiple streams of revenue. The platform provides the tools to distribute, monetize, and protect content, allowing music producers, recording artists, songwriters, and beatmakers to collaboratively publish songs in the most efficient and affordable way possible.
BeatStars’ Social Music Marketplace is a networking site for musicians to find and connect with other artists and producers. Recording artists can look for musical content to license and producers can look for artists to collaborate with. Musicians can sell songs, singles, albums, as well as production track licenses for beats, beats with choruses, vocals, and full song references.
BeatStars’ Blaze Players help artists sell their tracks online. These embeddable HTML5 and Flash players act as a store, allowing customers to lease beats, download free beats, or make an offer for an exclusive license. The players provide instant delivery of MP3, WAV or Zip files, a free download option in exchange for a social follow, and instant payments through PayPal or Stripe. Artists can also create custom contracts, promo codes, deals, and voice tags. Paid members keep 100% of their sales.
BeatStars helps artists get paid from other people’s YouTube videos that use their music without authorization. When artists upload their music to BeatStars.com, they can submit it for YouTube Content ID. BeatStars will then review the submission and deliver the approved files directly to YouTube. YouTube’s Content ID system then identifies third party videos that are utilizing music content without the artist’s permission and allows BeatStars to place advertisements on these videos to collect revenue on behalf of the artist every time the video is played.
BeatStars has also partnered with SoundCloud for their OnSoundCloud monetization program to help musicians earn revenue from their SoundCloud streams. Artists log in to BeatStars.com, connect their SoundCloud profile, and select tracks they want to monetize with advertisements. Artists get monthly revenue payouts directly to their PayPal account.
The emergence of digital music has created a major shift in the way artists engage with their fans, which has had significant impact on the global music production and distribution industry. Digital streaming services like Spotify, SoundCloud, and Apple Music have enabled audiences to listen to a virtually unlimited catalog of music for an affordable subscription fee, enabling artists to circumvent traditional music distributors. Globally, revenue from digital channels (subscriptions, ad-supported services, and digital downloads) was $6.7 billion in 2015, up 10.2% year-over-year, and accounted for 45% of total industry revenue. Revenue from streaming services, which includes subscriptions and ad-supported channels, grew 45.2% to $2.9 billion.iv
Thanks to digital streaming services, music is being consumed at record levels. In the U.S., the volume of total music streams rose 93%, to 317 billion.v Primary music distribution is shifting from traditional digital stores to direct-to-fan platforms like YouTube, SoundCloud, and Facebook. Digital platforms that allow users to upload content (e.g. YouTube) have an estimated user base of more than 900 million. However, these types of platforms, which distribute advertising-supported revenues to recording artists and musicians, generated only $634 million in 2015, and accounted for only 4% of global music revenues.vi
YouTube has over 400 hours of new videos uploaded every minute of every day.vii That’s the equivalent of 16.5 days’ worth of video uploaded every 60 seconds. Many of these uploaded videos use music without the authorization of the artists that created the song. To detect unauthorized use, YouTube’s Content ID system scans uploaded videos against a database of files submitted by content owners. Owners then have the option of muting the audio, blocking the video, or monetizing the video by running ads against it. Since the launch of Content ID in 2007, YouTube has paid out $2 billion to content rights holders.viii
AdRev: Founded in 2011, AdRev is digital rights management company. The company helps music owners find YouTube videos that use their content without authorization and monetize this usage through ad revenue. Users get 80% of the ad revenue off of YouTube videos that use their music.ix AdRev has monetized over 30 million videos to date and has paid out over $10 million to rights holders in 2016 alone.x Zealot Networks acquired AdRev’s parent company, AudioMicro, in 2014 for around $20 million.
MyFlashStore: MyFlashStore is a platform for producers and artists to buy and sell beats and instrumentals online. Other offerings include custom voicetags, custom hooks, and professional mixing and mastering services. MyFlashStore offers three membership plans, a free plan that permits 10 beat uploads, a Gold plan that costs $9.99 per month that allows up to 50 beat uploads, and a Platinum plan that costs $19.99 per month for unlimited beat uploads.xi Since it was founded in 2009, producers have earned over $16 million using MyFlashStore.xii
BandCamp: Founded in 2008, Bandcamp is a publishing platform for musicians. The platform hosts homepages and provides a space for musicians with existing websites to stream full music tracks and albums. It also provides fan base management and statistics, digital distributions, search engine optimization, web programming, audio transcoding, and internet marketing. In 2015, BandCamp grew 35%xiii and has paid $182 million to artists to date, with $4.7 million paid in the last 30 days alone.xiv Bandcamp does not charge their artists for accounts, instead it makes money through revenue share on sales. The company takes 15% of digital sales, 10% of digital sales over $5,000, and 10% of merchandise sales.xv
Abe Batshon, Founder and CEO: Before founding BeatStars in 2008, Abe worked at INgrooves Music Group in artists and repertoire (A&R) and content development. In this role, he was responsible for promoting and managing portfolios in digital format including distribution of digital audio and video  to music and mobile retailers. Daily activities included acquiring new clients, generating marketing campaigns for new music projects, and servicing existing clients. Abe’s clients included Rostrum Records (Wiz Khalifa, Mac Miller), Strange Music, Slaughterhouse, Macklemore, Royce Da 5’9’, The Lox (Jadakiss, Styles P, Sheikh Louch), among many others. He studied Marketing at San Jose State University.
Joseph E. Shatara, COO: Joseph is an Operations and Technology executive with over 20 years of web technology, engineering, and financial systems experience. He has worked for BeatStars as an IT Consultant and Business and Financial Advisor since 2010. Previously, Joseph worked as COO of Mixberry Media, a global digital audio ad network that supports real-time targeted ads to streaming music and digital radio listeners. He holds a Bachelor’s of Science degree in Electronic Engineering from California Polytechnic State University - San Luis Obispo.
The risks associated with our company include the following. Potential inability to attract, recruit and retain and develop necessary personnel, high level of competition, government regulation of use of individually identifiable data and issues relating to loss or theft of customer data, potential for security breaches and disruptions, the company’s success depends on board and executive officers who may leave the employ of the company, the capital being raised is not enough to sustain the company’s current business plan, lack of key man life insurance on executives and other key personnel, lack of audited financial statements, risks associated with properly calculating the company’s tax liability, the fact that the company is not subject to Sarbanes-Oxley regulations and related controls and safeguards required of public companies, changes in employment laws or regulation could harm the company’s performance, fluctuations in customer mix could impact financial performance, potential fluctuation of operating results, need to attract qualified customer service and technical support personnel, effect of cyclical, volatility or extended downturn in the United States or worldwide economy, ability to stay ahead of rapid technological change and dependence on new product development, failure to obtain new clients or renew existing clients on favorable terms, reliance on subcontractors, potential impact of military actions, global terrorism, natural disasters and potential political unrest.
The risks associated with the securities the company is offering include the following.  Restricted nature of the securities and lack of liquidity, the fact that the offering is not registered under federal or state securities laws, there is no guarantee of return on an  investor’s investment, the majority of the company owned by a small number of owners, the company’s ability to extend the offering deadline, potential dilution of your ownership interest in the company, the fact that the security is an equity security and not a debt security, and the potential that the warrants may expire worthless.
Magilight is the most advanced all in one light painting stick!  Whether you are a professional photographer or a beginner, Magilight has been created to effortlessly fit all your light painting needs in an all-in-one stick.
As photography lovers, we are always looking for new techniques to create the most creative and stunning photoshoots. To achieve that, we first needed to take control of the most important asset in photography, the light.
Light Painting is a technique in which exposures are made by moving a hand-held light source while taking a long exposure photograph. You may think that it is easy, but it isn’t, a lot of patience and accessories are needed to master this technique. So we thought, why not make it easier?
After a lot of thought, we came up with the idea of an all-in-one light painting stick, Magilight. The easiest and most professional tool to improve your light painting photography. Create stunning photographs, print your designs, animations, backgrounds and more at the reach of your hand.
No more light bulbs, flashlights, light cords or any other light source will be needed thanks to the 144 High-resolution RGB LEDs. With Magilight just click and wave, the stick will do the rest.  The effect will totally astonish you.
QUIC is the best super slim Qi wireless charger and powerbank designed for your iPhone 8/X, Samsung. Simply put your phone on the top of QUIC and it will soon recognize it and start charging immediately. The Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 will save you hours of time on recharging and charging. Get Quic & Quic Pad to go wireless at your home, office or while on the go, power your phone at Full-Speed anywhere, anytime.
Food Manufacturers increasingly seek opportunity to utilize nutrient dense and sustainable ingredients for products their consumers demand.iv That focus has created a robust marketplace for specialtyv , functionalvi , and other value-added ingredients. ReGrained SuperGrain+™ delivers with a versatile, economical, and nutrient-dense grain blend that capitalizes on the potential of an overlooked, undervalued, and readily available latent supply chain.
In partnership with the USDA, ReGrained has developed patent-pending technology to rescue, process, and stabilize wet food manufacturing byproducts and create ingredients for use in its own products and in co-branded partnerships with others. SuperGrain+, produced from brewery byproduct (“brewers’ spent grain” or BSG), is the company’s initial development focus before moving onto additional food and beverage industry byproduct streams. As a comparative analog, ReGrained’s initial ingredient seeks to do for the brewing industry what whey did for cheese; once a valueless waste stream, whey protein is now a $6 billion ingredient industry.vii
On average, one pound of BSG is created for every six-pack of brewed beer.viii This adds up to tens of billions of pounds per annum, in the United States alone. Traditionally, breweries sell or donate this grain to farmers for use as animal feed, because despite its impressive nutritional profileix , it spoils quickly. ReGrained’s technology solution enables food-grade commercialization of this resource as an ingredient.
The company calls the product SuperGrain+ because it is about 35% dietary fiber and 20% protein, ratios higher in comparison to other plain grain, with additional prebiotics and micronutrients. ReGrained entered the market with a line of snack bars infused with SuperGrain+. The company plans to expand into pretzels next, and are in partnership with global ingredient companies and brands to use branded SuperGrain+ in doughs, coatings, sauces and many other applications. ReGrained describes its waste-to-value closed loop model as “edible upcycling,” an opportunity it believes is an economically viable and environmentally sound component of a more sustainable food future.
ReGrained SuperGrain+ bars are baked with upcycled brewer's malt that has been rescued from craft breweries. ReGrained initially came to market with two flavors ─ Honey Cinnamon IPA and Chocolate Coffee Stout. ReGrained recently launched a third flavor ─ Blueberry Sunflower Saison.  Upcycled grains are paired with other simple, wholesome, and thoughtfully sourced ingredients like puffed quinoa, organic oats, and almonds along with functional value-added ingredients like Manuka honey, ginseng, and ginger.
The ReGrained brand is not limited to the market for snack bars; it is just a point of entry to build brand equity for their ingredient platform. ReGrained is currently pursuing co-branded ingredient/product development with several consumer packaged goods (CPG) brands and manufacturers such as Barilla and Givaudan. ReGrained provides CPG companies with an ingredient (SuperGrain+) that is low cost and more versatile when compared to other “specialty” or “adjunct” ingredients like pulse flour made from beans, peas, or chickpeas. In addition, ReGrained’s sustainability focus appeals to a wide range of consumers, especially Millennial shoppers.
ReGrained’s patent-pending technology helps transform nutritious saturated solid food manufacturing byproduct and surplus into versatile food-grade ingredients. The prior absence of this energy efficient and economical processing technology is one of the primary reasons for the gap between nutritional science and commercial application of BSG.x
Through a cooperative research and development agreement (CRADA), ReGrained has co-developed its technology with the USDA through its Agricultural Research Services department. The process provides a more energy efficient way to dry BSG to make it safe for storage, distribution, and human consumption. It also results in increased crispiness and stronger, more pleasant aromas – all at a reduced price compared to the more energy-intensive traditional processing methods. The invention disclosure has been filed and is moving through the USDA’s patent filing process in which the USDA pays all legal fees and ReGrained owns the exclusive patent rights for commercial use in perpetuity.
ReGrained is seeking additional capital to commercialize its technology, invest in research and development, and fund operations. The breakdown below is a projected use of proceeds from the capital raised. ReGrained has discretion over the actual use of proceeds depending upon prevailing business requirements. Both at the minimum level of $50,000 raised and maximum level of $1,070,000 raised, the company plans to use the proceeds on sales/marketing/brand development, to fund the rollout of its new savory pretzel product line. Manufacturing activity will be scaled via additional debt financing.
ReGrained currently generates revenue through the sale of its snack bars, which are sold in 12 packs, primarily in bulk, through brokers and are distributed nationally through distributors (UNFI and KEHE). Both UNFI and KEHE distribute ReGrained’s product to a network of retailers (such as natural and organic grocery stores) and food service providers (such as Blue Star Vending). ReGrained also sells direct to consumer through its own website and Amazon, as well as through Thrive Market, GoodEggs, and online box subscriptions companies like Mancrates and Imperfect Produce. On its own website, a 12-pack of ReGrained bars retails for $24.99. Once launched, ReGrained will generate revenue by selling its savory snack product through similar sales channel. Revenue for co-branded products will be generated through ingredient sales and brand licensing.
In addition to its online distribution channels mentioned above, ReGrained is sold in approximately 100 natural and organic grocery stores across the U.S. ReGrained bars have also been sold through various corporate foods service providers, including at the corporate campuses of Google (San Francisco), Twitter, and Facebook, as well as at several colleges and hospitals in San Francisco. Key distributor relationships include UNFI and KeHe. Now out of trial, with the January 2018 launch of a third-generation of bars and new flavor, the company has initiated a comprehensive go-to-market strategy and is actively entering the retail trade. The press ReGrained has generated has driven inbound leads, and in 2018 the company will be investing in two of the industry’s key tradeshows (Winter Fancy Food and Natural Products Expo East) and hiring brokers. Early traction also includes active product review by Whole Foods, Sprouts, and Safeway.
As described above ReGrained entered the market with a few local retail and food service accounts in early 2017 to validate demand and perfect its offering. Prior to 2017, the company generated revenue primarily from online sales of first generation product prototypes. In 2016, it generated roughly $59,000 in sales. In 2017, ReGrained generated over $120,000 in revenue in its trial market for the second generation of the bar product. Retail distribution was the leading revenue generator (~$33,000), followed by direct-to-consumer online sales (~$26,000), which includes sales on the company’s website and through Amazon.
In 2016, ReGrained’s expenses (including cost of goods sold and operating costs) totaled $143,583. In 2017, the company’s expenses totaled $685,481. During the first three quarters of 2017, the company’s operating expenses averaged roughly $37,500 per month. Operating expenses rose in Q4 2017 due to increases in payroll, marketing expenses, and Research and Development. In Q4 2017, marketing expenses totaled $63,867 and salaries and wages totaled $85,443.
Each year, roughly one third of the food produced in the world – approximately 1.3 billion tons – gets lost or wasted. Food losses and waste add up to roughly $680 billion in developed countries and $310 billion in emerging countries.xi Consumers are starting to take notice and have become increasingly critical of how their food is made ─ not only looking for products that are healthier and organic but also seeking out products that are produced using sustainable methods. In a 2017 survey, roughly half (56% of women and 42% of men) of those surveyed said they cared that their food was being produced in a sustainable way. Sustainability was listed as one of the top five purchase influencers behind taste, price, healthfulness, and convenience.xii Consumers are also more willing to pay a premium for and be more frequent purchasers of a given product if they know the company producing it promotes sustainable practices.xiii
The sustainability and food waste mitigation trend has affected the snack industry considerably.xiv The Specialty Food Association lists upcycled products (including snack bars made from spent grain from beer making) as No. 2 in its top 10 food trends for 2018.xv SPINS, a leading provider of retail consumer analytics and insights for this industry, listed “byproduct products” as a top 10 food trend for 2018.xvi A recent study done by Drexel University found potential for consumer acceptance of a new category of foods created from “discarded ingredients” such as spent grain from beer making, even indicating that some consumers may pay a premium for such products.xvii In the U.S. ─ the largest snack market ─ snack bar sales reached an estimated $4.29 billion in 2016 and is projected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 6.7% through 2022. Within the industry, the nutrition bar segment has seen notable growth, reaching $2.2 billion sales in 2016, for a market share of almost 40%.xviii
Another industry that ReGrained’s SuperGrain+ targets is the specialty food ingredients market. There are a wide range of applications for specialty ingredients, including increasing quality and/or taste, improving nutritional value, or extending shelf life. The global specialty food ingredients market size was valued at $27.73 billion in 2015xix and is projected to reach $116.5 billion by 2025.xx One specialty ingredient that is comparable to ReGrained’s SuperGrain+ is pulse flour, which is made from the hulls of pulses (i.e. peas, lentils, chickpeas, and other legumes) and are high in fiber and protein. The global pulse flour market size was estimated at $17.02 billion in 2015xxi and is projected to reach $56.62 billion by 2024.xxii
Currently, ReGrained’s primary product competitors are other snack bar brands, notably CLIF Bar, KIND, and RXBAR. As the company moves into other product lines for its SuperGrain+, its competitive landscape will change to other incumbent products such as pulse flour. Anheuser-Busch InBev launched a brand called Canvas, a ready-to-drink non-dairy milk beverage made with upcycled spent grain.xxiii
Clif Bar & Company: Founded in 1992, Clif Bar & Company is a U.S.-based company that produces organic foods and drinks. Its flagship product is the CLIF Bar. According to Nielsen, it has more sales than any other energy bar. The company does not disclose its revenue figures, but estimates range between $500 million to $1 billion in annual revenue.xxiv In 2003, the CLIF Bar become organic USDA Certified, and the company switched its packaging to 100% recycled paperboard. In 2017, The U.S. EPA named Clif Bar & Company a 2017 Climate Leader for its efforts to promote climate action and green power across the supply chain.xxv
KIND: Founded in 2004, KIND produces snacks made from whole nuts, fruits, spices, and honey. It offers eight product lines: KIND Fruit & Nut, KIND PLUS, KIND Nuts & Spices, KIND Healthy Grains Bars, KIND Healthy Grains Clusters, STRONG & KIND, KIND Breakfast, and Pressed by KIND. In 2008, private equity firm VMG group bought a stake in the company. In 2014, it sold back its stake to KIND’s founder in a deal that valued the company at $728.5 million. In November 2017, Mars Incorporated purchased a minority stake in KIND to help the company expand its international distribution. The deal gives Mars the option to fully acquire the company in the future and places KIND at an estimated valuation of between $3 billion to $4 billion.xxvi
RXBAR: Founded in 2013, RXBAR produces protein bars made from three core ingredients: egg whites for protein, dates to bind, and nuts for texture. The bars come in eight flavors: Chocolate Sea Salt, Coffee Chocolate, Blueberry, Chocolate Coconut, Maple Sea Salt, Peanut Butter, Mint Chocolate, and Apple Cinnamon. In October 2017, Kellogg (NYSE: K) agreed to acquire RXBAR for $600 million. At the time of the announcement, RXBAR expected it would generate net sales of $120 million for fiscal 2017.xxvii
Using generative design, virtual reality, 3D printing, and a cloud-based supply chain, Hackrod is challenging the traditional approach to automobile manufacturing. The company is developing a methodology that will enable the rapid prototyping of bespoke vehicle solutions and will place the consumer as co-creator in the automotive space. Beginning with the film “Autonomo,” where Hackrod aims to showcase its vehicles and then offer the designs as templates to customers, Hackrod’s design and manufacturing engine will feature engineering analysis and performance simulation and well as supply chain management, ordering, and hardware integration. Hackrod currently has a partnership with AutoDesk to create virtual car prototypes using the Autodesk VRED 3D visualization and virtual prototyping software.
Current vehicle manufacturing is stuck in the 20th century and is not leveraging 21st century technologies. Today, there is no easy way for the average consumer to design, engineer, and manufacture a vehicle. A number of technologies, such as crowdsourcing, cloud, virtual/augmented reality, artificial intelligence, and advanced manufacturing, are emerging to help form a design/engineering/manufacturing platform for the 21st century. At the moment, however, those technologies are disconnected dots.
Hackrod aims to connect those dots by providing a powerful service that will redefine the way vehicles are designed, engineered, and manufactured. The company is developing a methodology that will enable the rapid prototyping of bespoke vehicle solutions and place the consumer as co-creator in the automotive space. The consumer will be able to pick and choose custom options, leaving the digital platform to do the hard stuff like component sourcing, engineering analysis, and hardware integration.
In 2015, Hackrod began research for “Autonomo,” an action car movie set in a future battle between autonomous systems and the American dream of the open road ─ a world where AI and robotic manufacturing empowered young entrepreneurs to realize their wildest automotive visions. Within months, the company realized it was not looking at a distant future but one that was rapidly approaching. The co-founders’ backgrounds in design, media, and manufacturing helped them determine that if they could connect a few disparate, emerging technologies and apply their experience, they could realize a future where ordinary consumer could design custom cars. Hackrod was born around the idea that complex design and manufacturing tasks would soon become so simple that the consumer could create their desired item as easily as playing a video game.
The La Bandita speedster will be Hackrod’s proof-of-concept car. The car will be designed in mixed reality, engineered by artificial intelligence, and made with advanced manufacturing techniques. At every stage in the development of La Bandita, the Hackrod team is using revolutionary techniques and processes to streamline the development of a complex design. The body was designed and reviewed in VR, negating the need for costly and time consuming scale and full size models. The suspension geometry was captured with 3D scanning of an existing race car and the chassis structure was engineered by an artificial intelligence algorithm. That chassis structure will be 3D printed in aluminum eliminating the need for expensive tooling and allowing the team to make changes to each and every car produced with no impact to production costs. La Bandita will be the vehicle that will bring disparate and emerging technologies together into a new manufacturing paradigm. Once the company proves out the concept with a concierge process, it will then move to automating key tasks such as structural engineering and suspension geometry, bringing the vision of consumer as co-creator vehicle design closer to reality.
Hackrod CEO Mouse McCoy is producing “Autonomo,” a global action car movie. The Hackrod platform will be featured in the main “Autonomo” story arc. “Autonomo” intends to commission Hackrod to design, manufacture, and develop 50 cars for the movie. The “Autonomo” replica cars will also serve as templates for future Hackrod customers to use as starting points for their own unique designs. Use of Proceeds and Product Roadmap
Hackrod intends to use the proceeds from this round to build out its proof-of-concept car, La Bandita. If the minimum $50,000 is raised, Hackrod intends to use the majority of proceeds on future wages ($20,000) to hire a structural engineering consultant, and on research and development ($20,000). If the maximum $1,070,000 is raised, the company intends to use the majority of proceeds of future wages ($350,000) to hire a COO, digital designer, and structure engineer and on research and development ($175,000).
Hackrod has partnered with design software company Autodesk, which will play a major role in the design and development of the cars. The Autodesk Dreamcatcher generative design system will form the basis of the cars’ designs. Hackrod will be able to create virtual prototypes using the Autodesk VRED™ 3D visualization and virtual prototyping software.
It is estimated that 79 million automobiles were sold globally in 2017. In the U.S. alone, approximately 6.3 million automobiles were sold in 2017.ii Over 1 million luxury automobiles were sold in the U.S. in 2016 with the leading luxury car band in 2016, Mercedes-Benz, selling approximately 340,000 cars.iii The U.S. car and automobile manufacturing market generated roughly $95 billion in revenue in 2017.iv
Over the past decade, there have been significant improvements in 3D printing, or additive manufacturing technologies, which have revolutionized the design, development, manufacturing, and distribution of products. In the automotive industry, specifically, these improvements have paved the way for fresh designs, better (cleaner, lighter, safer) products, reduced lead times, and lower costs. Advances in both additive manufacturing processes and advanced materials are expected to not only benefit automotive production but also change traditional manufacturing and supply chain pathways.v Revenue in the 3D printing automotive market was projected to hit $600 million in 2016 according to SmarTech Publishing. It is expected that market revenue will grow to $2.3 billion by 2021.vi
Currently, some vehicle parts such as production dashboards and cooling vents are already made using additive manufacturing. The combination of increased additive manufacturing adoptions and advances in technology could increase the number of additively manufactured components in the future. The graphic below shows a selection of components currently additively manufactured and some that could be additively manufactured in the future.vii
Additively manufacturing prototypes of components has saved OEMs millions of dollars in product development costs as well as drastically shortened the required time. For example, it typically costs around $500,000 and takes about four months to create and develop an engine manifold prototype. Additive manufacturing can cut this down to four days with a cost of $3,000.viii
Factory Five Racing: Founded in 1995, Factory Five Racing is a manufacturer of build-it-yourself component car kits. Orders can be place online, over the phone, or in person for a $1,000 deposit. After an order is placed, engineers will review the configuration of each order and call to review it with the customer.ix Based outside of Boston, the company’s products are manufactured in the U.S. Factory Five Racing has a number of available kits, including Roadster kits, ’33 Hot Rod kits, a ’35 Hot Rod truck kit, Type 65 Coupe kits, and a GTM Supercar kit. Complete kits range from $14,900x to $24,9000,xi not including wheels or upgraded components.
Divergent 3D: Founded in 2015, Divergent 3D is a 3D-printed auto manufacturing platform. Divergent incorporates 3D-printed joints, or NODEs™, connecting carbon fiber structural materials that results in an industrial-strength chassis that can be assembled in a matter of minutes.xii The company built the Blade supercar in 2016 to demonstrate the technology. The company plans to build a factory equipped with high-speed 3D-metal printers, laser cutters, and assembly robots, and it claims this will cut the cost and environmental impact of auto production significantly. Its first factory is expected to open in 2019 in Los Angeles. In November 2017, Divergent 3D raised $65 million in a Series B round to help complete an experimental factory. This brought total funding to over $90 million. The company is currently generating revenue from engineering projects for France’s Group PSA and other unnamed automakers.xiii
Local Motors: Founded in 2007, Local Motors designs, builds, and sells innovative vehicles. The company is focused on low-volume manufacturing of open-source vehicle designs, using multiple microfactories and a co-creation SaaS platform. In a partnership with IBM and Intel, Local Motors created the open-source connected Rally Fighter concept car. Its most recent product is Olli, the first self-driving vehicle to integrate the cognitive computing capabilities of IBM Watson. Olli is a shuttle that can transport up to eight passengers and travels at max speed of 25 miles per hour.xiv In January 2016, Airbus Ventures invested an undisclosed amount in Local Motors.xv
Mike ‘Mouse’ McCoy, CEO and Co-founder: Mouse is the CEO, Co-founder, and Creative Director of Hackrod. Prior to founding Hackrod, Mouse was the CEO of the award-winning entertainment studio Bandito Brothers. During his 10 years at the helm of Bandito Brothers, he is most proud of architecting the unique branded entertainment model with the U.S. Navy SEALs that led to the No. 1 box office feature film “Act of Valor,"xvi which he produced and directed. Following up on that success, Mouse directed the global transmedia campaign Hot Wheels for Real for Mattel that set three Automotive World Recordsxvii and earned a Cannes Gold Lionxviii Clio Gold,xix and numerous other awards. Mouse started his career as a professional motorcycle racer with such accolades as winning the Baja 500 and Baja 1000 and starring in the now cult film classic “Dust to Glory.” From his racing career, he moved on to being a top Hollywood stuntman, which paved the way for his directorial career. His experience in taking artists’ 3D renderings and engineering rapid prototyped manufacturing solutions for the entertainment industry led to the launch of a deep research project in collaboration with Autodesk, called The Future of Making Things.
Felix Holst, Chief Product Officer and Co-founder: Over the past two decades, Felix has pursued a career combining his love of automotive culture and cutting-edge innovation with mass manufacturing and storytelling. After graduating with a degree in Design for Industry at the University of Northumbria in the UK, Felix began his career in the toy industry in 1996. There, he quickly developed the skills to navigate global manufacturing as a designer and built a reputation as an innovator and pragmatic leader. In 1999, Felix left the toy industry to pursue a career in the music industry, performing in the cult British band “The Kustom Built” and witnessing firsthand the disruption the digital music production revolution had on an established industry. In 2004, he returned to the toy industry, moving to Los Angeles and joining the Hot Wheels division at Mattel Inc. Felix served as Vice President of Creative for the division until 2014. For the past two years, alongside his partners at Hackrod, he has been researching the implications of VR design tools, AI-driven design and engineering, and additive manufacturing. With an unfettered belief in the idea that anything is possible, Felix is passionate about empowering design and engineering students and professionals to excel and change the world. With Hackrod, he sees an opportunity to connect the everyday man with the power of mass manufacturing to disrupt an industry for the better.
Slade Gardner, PhD, CTO: Dr. Slade Gardner is a world-leading expert on advanced manufacturing, digitization of manufacturing operations, and digital translations of physical materials science phenomena. As CTO of Hackrod, he is helping to shape manufacturing toward automated and digitally guided work spaces that amplify the power of high-performance computing, AI, networked engineering disciplines, advanced manufacturing, and digital quality assurance. He has advised corporations, institutes, national laboratories, and the U.S. government on strategy, priorities, and development needs on incorporation and industrial application for advanced manufacturing. His technical background includes equipment configuration, materials development, and engineering transition from laboratory to factory to customer for large additive manufacturing, aerospace composite structures, nano-materials, and thermoplastic composites. His technology insertions can be found on spacecraft, aircraft, and sophisticated ground systems and are currently reaching into sporting goods, watercraft, and motor sports. Previously, Slade was a fellow at Lockheed Martin Space Systems and a fellow at Lockheed Martin Aeronautics in the Skunk Works division. He has a PhD in Chemical Engineering from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, where he studied under fellowship from the National Science Foundation Science and Technology Center for High Performance Polymers and Composites. He also holds a BS in Chemical Engineering from Lafayette College
Modern prosthetic devices are expensive – even when they don’t incorporate advanced movement control, custom fittings, or state-of-the-art technology. By combining 3D scanning, 3D printing, and machine learning, Unlimited Tomorrow is putting next-generation artificial limbs affordably within the grasp of the millions who need them. The company will provide amputees with low-cost 3D scanners and computers for digital mapping and the prosthetic is printed utilizing a network of 3D printers located around the world, allowing Unlimited Tomorrow to produce some of the most advanced artificial limbs even in remote and underprivileged communities. On June 12, 2017, with the help of Microsoft, Unlimited Tomorrow placed its first prosthetic device on a 10-year-old girl named Momo.
An estimated that 30 million people worldwide need prosthetic limbs, braces, or other mobility devices, however, less than 20% of these people have them.i Moreover, modern prosthetics can be expensive, heavy, and hard to use. An advanced prosthesis can cost up to $100,000.ii – not to mention upgraded versions as a child grows or replacements for broken parts – making advanced prosthetics almost impossible to obtain for many people who need them. And the cost rises for those in need in developing countries, where the number of available prosthetic devices cannot keep up with demand.iii
Unlimited Tomorrow is using modern technology to solve these problems at a global level. By combining the revolutionary technologies of 3D scanning, 3D printing, and machine learning, Unlimited Tomorrow is putting next-generation artificial limbs affordably within the grasp of the millions who need them. Unlimited Tomorrow produces and fits a human-like advanced custom prosthetic device with a fast turnaround time – and sells it directly to amputees for a base unit cost of $5,000. The company creates mechanical and robotic designs using each individual amputee’s unique physiology and 3D printed custom prosthetics fitted to his or her needs. Unlimited Tomorrow aims to make “prosthetics that are as tenacious as the people who wear them.”
While at the 2011 Colorado state science fair, founder Easton LaChappelle encountered a seven-year-old girl whose prosthetic arm had cost $80,000. He was shocked and inspired to solve this problem by creating a more affordable device. At the age of 18, he founded Unlimited Tomorrow with the mission to empower amputees via an intuitive, scalable model to create custom devices from start to finish. Now, at 22, Easton is growing Unlimited Tomorrow and creating technology to help people at a global level using some of the newest revolutionary technologies -- 3D printing, 3D scanning, and machine learning. On June 12, 2017, with the help of Microsoft, Unlimited Tomorrow placed its first prosthetic device on a 10-year-old girl named Momo.
While at the 2011 Colorado state science fair, founder Easton LaChappelle encountered a seven-year-old girl whose prosthetic arm had cost $80,000. He was shocked and inspired to solve this problem by creating a more affordable device. At the age of 18, he founded Unlimited Tomorrow with the mission to empower amputees via an intuitive, scalable model to create custom devices from start to finish. Now, at 22, Easton is growing Unlimited Tomorrow and creating technology to help people at a global level using some of the newest revolutionary technologies -- 3D printing, 3D scanning, and machine learning. On June 12, 2017, with the help of Microsoft, Unlimited Tomorrow placed its first prosthetic device on a 10-year-old girl named Momo.
On January 9, 2018 Unlimited Tomorrow filed a provisional patent to protect its newest device, an upper extremity prosthesis. The purpose of the patent was to protect the mechanical aspect of the invention and the overall system. This includes how the device is custom generated, socket generation, new muscle sensors, and more.
Funds raised from this offering will be used to complete product development. If the minimum $50,000 is raised, Unlimited Tomorrow plans to use the majority of proceeds on future wages ($20,000) to hire core engineers to continue product development and general working capital ($6,500). If the maximum $1,070,000 is raised, the company plans to use a large portion of proceeds on future wages ($350,000) to hire a core team of engineers for product development and R&D as well as business operations. Other categories include general working capital ($260,000) and research and development ($200,000) to commercialize the product and continue development of newer, better generations.
Unlimited Tomorrow works directly with amputees and provides them with a 3D scanner that is shipped to the amputee’s residence. By automating the design process, the company can charge a flat rate for both children and adults and make it easier to replace the device in the future. The base unit is $5,000 for both children and adults. When a child outgrows their device, it costs $2,500 per additional device and requires a new scan.
Microsoft also helped provide the resources to deliver the first device in June 2017. Easton had the opportunity to go to Seattle and work in B87, Microsoft’s ‘black ops’ prototyping lab. Microsoft, after seeing his work advance and being inspired by his project, invited him to spend over two months there, rather than one week as originally planned. To make the project deadline and give the 3D-printed robotic prosthetic arm to Momo on time, some of the company’s top industrial designers got involved and helped Easton finish it just hours before Momo got to Seattle. You can view the full story here.
Unlimited Tomorrow generated over $38,000 in revenue in 2017 and over $80,000 in revenue in 2016. In 2016, consulting income spiked due to founder speaking engagements and media. The majority of revenue to date is from consulting income, however, the company plans to begin accepting orders for its device in Q3 2018. Total cost of goods sold including the cost of parts, supplies, and labor was almost $24,000 in 2017, up from nearly $6,000 in 2016.
Globally, it is estimated that 30 million people need prosthetic limbs, braces, or other mobility devices. However, less than 20% of these people have them.v The global robotic prosthetic market was estimated to be worth over $790 million in 2016. Prosthetic demand is being driven by an increase in amputations, technological advancements, and an increase in funding prosthetics as a result of initiatives by government and nonprofit organizations (e.g. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Amputee Coalition).vi In the U.S. alone, nearly two million people live with limb loss. The main causes of which are vascular disease (54%) – from diabetes and peripheral arterial disease – and trauma (45%). Moreover, it is estimated that 185,000 amputations are performed in the U.S. each year.vii
The market is segmented by technology into two areas: microprocessor-controlled prosthetics and myoelectric prosthetics. Microprocessor-controlled prosthetics, generally used on knee prosthesis, use feedback from sensors to adjust joint movement on a real-time as-needed basis. Alternatively, a myoelectric-controlled prosthesis is controlled by electrical signals generated from the muscles in a residual limb. Unlimited Tomorrow falls under both categories
Lower body extremities accounted for the majority of market revenue in 2016 due to the large commercial presence of these prosthetics and a high number of lower body amputations globally.viii
Ottobock (bebionic): Opened in the U.S. in 1958, Ottobock Healthcare is a privately held company that was originally established in Germany in 1919. The company offers products and services that help people with their physical independence, including prosthetics, orthotics, adult and pediatric mobility, post-surgical therapies, fabrication, industry education, and delivery and billing. This includes the bebionic myoelectric hand that has 14 different grip patterns and hand positions. Each finger has an individual motor that helps move the hand and grip objects in a natural way. The hand comes in three different sizes with four wrist options.ix The company offers a prosthetic glove to protect the mechanics of the prostheses and to help it look more like a natural hand. The arm costs around £30,000 including fitting and training and has a typical lifespan of up to five years.x Ottobock acquired the beibonic hand from British med-tech company Steeper in February 2017.xi
Össur (NASDAQ: OSSR): Founded in 1971, Iceland-based Össur is a leader of noninvasive orthopaedic products and services. Its Touch Bionics product line includes a myoelectric full hand, the i-limb® quantum, which can change grips with a simple gesture. Gesture control enables an automated grip to be accessed by moving the hand in one of four directions. The hand has four methods of control (gesture, app, muscle, or proximity) and 36 available grips. The hand comes in four sizes and has multiple covering options.xii The average cost to fit is $80,000 to $120,000.xiii Össur acquired Touch Bionics, which was spun out of the NHS in Scotland, in a deal worth £27.5 million in April 2016. In 2015, Touch Bionic sales reached £15 million, up 11% from the prior year.xiv In 2016, Össur had sales of $521 million.xv
Open Bionics: Founded in 2014, UK-based Open Bionics is a startup creating affordable 3D-printed bionic hands. The company has a line of kids’ prosthetics that are inspired by their favorite characters, including the Iron Man hand, Star Wars lightsaber hand, and Snowflake hand. The hand currently costs around €11,300.xvi In partnership with the National Health Services, Open Bionics began a clinical trial of the bionic hands in the summer of 2017 with seven children. In December 2017, the trial was granted a second stage and awarded a product development contract for 15 additional children.xvii In February 2017, Open Bionics won the international category at the UAE Robotics for Good award in Dubai and was awarded a $1 million dollar prize.xviii
TASKA Prosthetics: TASKA Prosthetics is a prosthetic hand manufacturer based in New Zealand. Its waterproof myoelectric hand has 23 different grips, but most daily activities can be performed using just three. It also features a flexible palm, high rotating thumb speed, independent finger speed, lateral finger movements, and a strong lateral thumb grip that allows users to firmly hold a knife to cut a steak.xix The hand costs $35,000 and went on the market at the end of July 2017.xx
Easton LaChapelle, CEO and Founder: Easton LaChappelle has been developing robots since he was 14. His first robotic hand was made of electrical tubing, fishing line, and servo motors and was featured in Popular Mechanics.xxi The next 3D-printed version earned second place in engineering at the International Science Fair and an invitation to work with the Robonaught team at NASA Johnson Space Center. It was at a science fair where Easton met a seven-year-old girl who had a prosthetic hand. After learning about the process she went through, Easton discovered that the simple device had cost $80,000. This was his “ah-ha” moment that inspired him to create new devices, one of which was controlled by brainwaves and shook hands with President Obama at the White House Science Fair.xxii At 18, Easton and investor Tony Robbins created Unlimited Tomorrow to bring these devices to the world. After years of development, the first device was fitted to 10-year-old Momo Sutton.



